NAS-102087: Rework Sharing chapter intro section. (#1388)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/sharing.rst

Sharing
=======

> Sharing configurations are created to provide and control access to an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shares provide and control access to an
```

area of storage. Consider factors like operating system, security,

> transfer speed, and user access before creating a new share

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transfer speed, and user access before creating a new share.
```

> configuration. This information can help determine the type of share

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information can help determine the type of share,
```

> configuration, if multiple datasets are needed to divide the storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whether multiple datasets are needed to divide the storage
```

> into areas with different access and permissions, and how complex it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into areas with different access and permissions, and the complexity
```

> will be to set up those permission requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of setting up those permissions.
```

> Note that sharing configurations are only used to provide access to data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that shares are only used to provide access to data.
```
